a mother held in captivity by Hamas
walks alongside her 11-year-old daughter
now in a wheelchair but mothers
reportedly almost didn't make it on the
lists of those being released three
women and eight children of Israeli jeel
citizenship were eventually handed over
to the Red Cross and brought back to
Israel on Saturday Hiller rotm a
13-year-old was freed but her mother Rya
is still in Gaza he specifically said
you should release um kids children
together with their parents or mothers
and in this case it was a root violation
of the agreement by Kamas and uh just
cynical I think I mean why do something
like this they were clearly held
together because that's what Emily and
hila says and they're uh they were just
Tor apart the full terms and conditions
of the ceasefire have never been made
public but both sides have accused each
other over not honoring the agreement
it's been an emotional few days for the
families of those held captive bit of
sweet they say while some have been
reunited with their loved ones others
are hoping they'll be next mediator
Qatar has announced a two-day extension
of the Seas fire and returned for 20
captives to be freed Hamas has confirmed
it but no word from Israel on it except
for
this the effort to bring the hostages
home is progressed Ing and will update
the families and public as things happen
we need to be patient we're managing a
framework nothing is final until it
actually happens news of the extension
has already been well received by
Israelis many are hoping that soon it
won't just be Women and Children
released but men too Sarat Al jazer Tel
Aviv make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer